check_dataset_exists decrease timeout (#3257)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Removed support for the `cve_id` name for the default-argument for **cve** reputation commands in **validate**. Now, only `cve` may be used for such commands.
* Fixed an issue where **zip_packs** failed uploading content.
* Added `tenant_timezone` handling to the **modeling-rules init** command, allowing usage with tenants in various timezones.

> * decreased the timeout to check if the dataset exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Shortened the timeout when checking whether the dataset exists in **test-modeling-rule**.
```
